Man 01 Project brief and design
4 credits
–
Encouraging an integrated design process and considering BREEAM performance targets early to influence decision-making and optimise building performance, while avoiding unnecessary costs.
Man 02 Life cycle cost and service life planning
4 credits
–
Promoting the business case for sustainable buildings through the enhanced understanding of capital cost.
–
Improving design, specification, maintenance and operation, by encouraging the use of life cycle costing.
Man 03 Responsible construction practices
6 credits
–
Encouraging construction sites to be managed in an environmentally and socially considerate and responsible manner.
–
Monitoring to encourage continuous improvements and utility consumption reduction.
Man 04 Commissioning and handover
4 credits
–
Encouraging a well-managed handover and commissioning process, which will ensure building services and fabric defects are identified and rectified.
–
Ensuring that the building responds to the needs of the occupants.
Man 05 Aftercare
3 credits
–
Encouraging aftercare support during the first year of the building operation, to ensure the building operates in accordance with the design intent and in response to the building occupants’ needs.
Page

One credit - Project delivery planning
1 Prior to completion of the Concept Design, the project delivery stakeholders (see Definitions on page 41) meet
to identify and define for each key phase of project delivery:
1.a Roles
1.b Responsibilities
1.c Contributions.
2 Consider each one of the following items when defining roles, responsibilities and contributions for each key
phase of the project:
2.a End user requirements
2.b Aims of the design and design strategy
2.c Particular installation and construction requirements or limitations
2.d Occupiers' budget and technical expertise in maintaining any proposed systems
2.e Maintainability and adaptability of the proposals
2.f Operational energy (see Assessment scope on page 129)
2.g Requirements for the production of project and end user documentation
2.h Requirements for commissioning, training and aftercare support.
Where the building occupants are not known, the list of considerations above still applies. The appropriate project
delivery stakeholder considers each item, based on likely scenarios of building occupancy.
3 The project team demonstrates how the project delivery stakeholders' contributions and the consultation
process outcomes influence the following:
3.a Initial Project Brief
3.b Project Execution Plan (see Definitions on page 41)
3.c Communication Strategy (see Definitions on page 41)
3.d Concept Design.
One credit - Stakeholder consultation (interested parties)
4 Prior to completion of the Concept Design, the design team consult with all interested parties (see Definitions
Page 38 of 391 Technical Manual: Version: SD5078 - Issue: 3.0 - Issue Date: 31/07/2019
BREEAM
UK
New
Construction
2018
Man
01
Project
brief
and
design
on page 41
) on matters that cover the minimum consultation content (see
Methodology on the next page
).
5
Demonstrate how the stakeholder contributions and consultation exercise outcomes influence the Initial Project Brief and Concept Design.
6
Prior to completion of the detailed design (RIBA Stage 4, Technical Design or equivalent), all interested parties (see
Definitions on page 41
) give and receive consultation feedback.
Additionally for Education, Healthcare, Law courts and Major transportation hub building types only:
7
An independent party (see
Definitions on page 41
) carries out the consultation exercise. The
Design Quality Indicator
(DQI) and the Achieving Excellence Design Evaluation Toolkit (AEDET) could be used as methods to assess the design quality of buildings.
Prerequisite for BREEAM Advisory Professional credits (Concept and Developed Design)
8
The project team, including the client, formally agree strategic performance targets (see
Definitions on page 41
) early in the design process, see
Definitions on page 41
, (with the support of the BREEAM AP where appointed).
One credit - BREEAM AP (Concept Design)
9
Involve a BREEAM AP in the project at an appropriate time and level to:
9.a
Work with the project team, including the client, to consider the links between BREEAM issues and assist them in maximising the project’s overall performance against BREEAM, from their appointment and throughout Concept Design.
9.b
Monitor progress against the performance targets (see
Definitions on page 41
) agreed under criterion
8 above
throughout all stages after their appointment where decisions critically impact BREEAM performance.
9.c
Proactively identify risks and opportunities related to the achievement of the targets agreed under criterion
8 above
.
9.d
Provide feedback to the project team as appropriate, to support them in taking corrective actions and achieving their agreed performance targets.
9.e
Monitor and, where relevant, coordinate the generation of appropriate evidence by the project team.
One credit - BREEAM AP (Developed Design)
10
Criteria
8
and
9 above
are achieved.
11
Involve the BREEAM AP in the project at an appropriate time and level to:
11.a
Work with the project team, including the client, to consider the links between BREEAM issues and to assist them in maximising the project’s overall performance against BREEAM throughout Developed Design.
11.b
Monitor progress against the performance targets agreed under criterion
8 above
throughout all stages where decisions critically impact the specification and tendering process and the BREEAM performance.
11.c
Proactively identify risks and opportunities related to the achievement of the targets agreed under criterion
8 above
.
11.d
Provide feedback to the project team as appropriate, to support them in taking corrective actions and achieving their agreed performance targets.
11.e
Monitor and, where relevant, coordinate the generation of appropriate evidence by the project team.

